Letter from the Chairman 

Dear Shareholders, 
Another year, and here I am pleased to address you as President of Azkoyen to inform you of the performance of the company and the most important corporate events from 2016. 

The macroeconomic environment was marked by a general improvement in the main indicators for the Euro Zone, with sustained growth in GDP in the main economies, a decrease in debt and improved access to credit. 
On the other hand, the social and political situation has raised a number of questions, with continuous signs of instability one year on: the political future of Germany and France, the commercial decisions of the new President of the United States and the operating framework for the United Kingdom. 
Meanwhile, the Azkoyen Group has continued its international expansion with results which we judge to be very positive, as the figures show: in 2016, over 82% of revenues came from foreign markets. 

The results continue to support our management.
In 2016, turnover stood at €134.5 million, 6% higher than the previous year, consolidating the path to growth started a few years earlier, mainly due to good international sales performance in virtually all divisions. 

As a result of the Group's management and performance efforts in 2016, we have been able to reduce Azkoyen's net financial debt by €10 million, equivalent to a 65.4% reduction; at December 31, 2016 it stood at €5.3 million. 
This reduction was possible thanks to EBITDA generated from the efforts of everyone in the Azkoyen Group. 

EBITDA increased by 21.9% in 2016, compared to the previous year, standing at €20.6 million. The evolution of net profit was, if possible, even more positive: reaching €11.1 million, an increase of 54.3% compared to 2015. 

In 2016, we continued to focus on the identity of the company: our commitment to innovation. 
This led us to the acquisition of the German company, Opertis GmbH, which specialises in mechatronic systems, by our subsidiary Primion, with which we hope to strengthen the security area. 

Finally, I do not want to finish without thanking you all for the very special effort you put in every day to build up the Azkoyen Group. 
Your commitment and dedication are absolutely essential so we can look forward to a sustainable, innovative and profitable future for our company.
Thank you for your confidence. 

Kind regards, 

Juan Miguel Sucunza 
President of the Azkoyen Board of Directors 

June 23, 2017 Grupo Azkoyen 