Letter from the Chairman

Dear Shareholders,

It is an honour for me to address you once again, as Chairman of Azkoyen, to report on the company's performance and the major corporate events of last year 2017.

The macroeconomic environment has yet again been defined by a positive global context. 
The IMF has forecast a GDP growth in the Eurozone of 2.4% in 2018, and 2% in 2019. 
The Spanish economy will also benefit from these forecasts, according to these projections, national GDP will register increases of 2.8% and 2.2% respectively in those years. Likewise, prospects estimate a reduction in the unemployment rate of 15.5% in 2018 and 14.8% the following year. 
At the same time, global trade recovered in 2017, but a more restrictive trading environment could undermine the prospects for growth in the medium term, due to the interdependence between trade, investment and growth of the productivity. 
Significant events should be noted in the international socio-political context, such as the French and German elec- tions, and in 2018, the elections held in Italy and Colombia and the upcoming elections in Mexico, among others; in the national context, the political situation in Catalonia, in addition to a change of Government in Spain in 2018, so we are expectant of developments. 
Even so, Azkoyen Group has continued to progress with its international expansion, with even better results, if possible, than the previous year: in 2017, where 83% of the income has come from foreign markets.

The data are the best guarantee of our management. In 2017, the turnover stood at over 135 million euros, thus consolidating the trend of stable and sustained growth initiated years ago.

As a result of the efforts in the management and performance of the Group, in 2017 we have succeeded in reducing Azkoyen's net financial debt in 63.02%. 
At 31 December 2017, it stood at 3.3 million euros. This has been possible thanks to the EBITDA generated, and the commitment of all team members of the Azkoyen group.

Thus, at the end of last year, EBITDA increased by 4.5% relative to the previous year, reaching 21.5 million euros. 
For its part, the evolution of net profit was even more positive, reaching 12.8 million euros, representing an increase of 15.3% compared to 2016.

At the same time, we have continued during 2017 to invest in the company's main hallmark, namely, innovation. For this reason, throughout the year 2017, our investment for research and development activities has represented 7.4% of the net turnover. 
This demonstrates our efforts to achieve the long-term creation of value.

Finally, I would like to finish this letter especially thanking all those who work each day to further develop Azkoyen Group, for all their efforts and without whom it would the success of our operations and achievement of our corporate goals would not have been possible. Their commitment and dedication are absolutely essential in order to project a sustainable, innovative and profitable future for our company.
Thank you for trusting in us. 

Yours sincerely,

Juan Miguel Sucunza
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Azkoyen 

June, 2018